Introduction

We are Rayan Jamal Omer Al-Fattani 
Chartered Accountants. We offer a 
comprehensive range of services to 
companies and institutions of all kinds. 
Our focus is primarily on helping clients to 
achieve their full financial aspirations and 
we developed a package of services that 
meet their needs. We also strive to achieve 
balanced financial and administrative by 
aligning business goals, competitiveness 
plans and concerns of our clients. We have 
a unique approach in providing 
professional solutions to our clients, which 
distinguishes us from others. In addition, 
our outstanding service has earned the 
loyalty of our clients


our services

We are providing a range of outsourced services, so you can keep your focus on 
growing your business. Our services include

Audit & Assurance
Zakat & Tax
Local Content
Bookkeeping
Internal Audit
IFRS Conversion
Agreed-Upon Procedures
Advisory & Consultancy


Bookkeeping services

From expert accounts outsourcing, tax, Zakat, and audit services, our offerings are designed to 
empower your business. Experience the difference of working with professionals and open up new growth 
opportunities for your business. Streamline your financial records and gain clarity into your business’s 
financial health with our professional accounting and bookkeeping services.

Bookkeeping functions include:

Maintain Financial Records
ERP Migration Support
Audit file support
AP and AR Management
Preparing Financial Statements


why FATTANI?

people
At FATTANI we are proud to provide the right people to deliver for our clients

Mr. Abdullah Al-Fattani
Head Of Advisory
Over 10 years’ experience in Audit, Accounting, & Local Content.
Certified LCGPA auditor

Mr. Rayan Al-Fattani
Head Of Audit
Over 10 years’ experience in Audit, Accounting, & Local Content.
Certified LCGPA auditor

COMMITMENT
we agree to and meet our commitments, meaning 
that we deliver what we promise, every day, for every 
client

CLIENT NEEDS
we anticipate our clients’ needs and are forthright in 
our views, to ensure the best outcome for you

VALUE
Our experts focus on creating value: we give our 
clients up to date ideas and valuable insights and 
advice that they can trust



The Company Objectives
Good professional co-operation between consultants, management and those charged with governance.

Our Professional reports which stand up to scrutiny by the shareholders and regulators.

Independent and objective feedback on currently applicable guidelines and controls covered with the scope of work.




Benefit for the Clients
Professional services delivered accurately and on time.

Independent advice on the required services and associated controls.

Early warning of the related issues leading to timely resolution.

Discussion with the process owners to manage the expectation and to identify the complexities and challenges 




FATTANI’s Value-Added Services

Our team is very experienced. We provide these services to a number of large entities in Saudi Arabia.

We provide regular feedback on control issues during the course of our work, and formal reporting at the conclusion of our work.

We are experienced at project managing complex assignments and interfacing with senior client management to avoid surprises